{"courses":[{"code":"MARINE 100","title":"The Oceans Around Us","desc":"An interdisciplinary approach to understanding the importance of our oceans as the driver of our climate, source of sustenance, and focus of domestic and international political, economic and legal negotiations. It is framed around physical and biological processes in the ocean which raise questions for ocean management in NZ and internationally, allowing real-world debate about the future of the ocean realm."},{"code":"MARINE 100","title":"The Oceans Around Us","desc":"An interdisciplinary approach to understanding the importance of our oceans as the driver of our climate, source of sustenance, and focus of domestic and international political, economic and legal negotiations. It is framed around physical and biological processes in the ocean which raise questions for ocean management in NZ and internationally, allowing real-world debate about the future of the ocean realm."},{"code":"MARINE 100G","title":"The Oceans Around Us","desc":"An interdisciplinary approach to understanding the importance of our oceans as the driver of our climate, source of sustenance, and focus of domestic and international political, economic and legal negotiations. It is framed around physical and biological processes in the ocean which raise questions for ocean management in NZ and internationally, allowing real-world debate about the future of the ocean realm."},{"code":"MARINE 100G","title":"The Oceans Around Us","desc":"An interdisciplinary approach to understanding the importance of our oceans as the driver of our climate, source of sustenance, and focus of domestic and international political, economic and legal negotiations. It is framed around physical and biological processes in the ocean which raise questions for ocean management in NZ and internationally, allowing real-world debate about the future of the ocean realm."},{"code":"MARINE 202","title":"Principles of Marine Science","desc":"An introduction to the physical and biological structure of the oceans, sea floor, coastlines and the biological communities that inhabit them. Subject matter includes an overview of the nature and scope of marine science globally and within the New Zealand and Auckland contexts. A wide coverage of marine science issues are presented with an emphasis on multidisciplinary examples. No formal prerequisite, although an understanding of Stage I level science is assumed."},{"code":"MARINE 202","title":"Principles of Marine Science","desc":"An introduction to the physical and biological structure of the oceans, sea floor, coastlines and the biological communities that inhabit them. Subject matter includes an overview of the nature and scope of marine science globally and within the New Zealand and Auckland contexts. A wide coverage of marine science issues are presented with an emphasis on multidisciplinary examples. No formal prerequisite, although an understanding of Stage I level science is assumed."},{"code":"MARINE 302","title":"Dynamics of Marine Systems","desc":"Fundamental processes in the marine environment with an emphasis on interdisciplinary linkages in the functioning of marine ecosystems. Topics include: the role of fluid dynamics in the lives of marine animals and in shaping the physical marine environment, and interdisciplinary studies of marine ecosystems. No formal prerequisite although an understanding of marine science to the level of MARINE 202 will be assumed."},{"code":"MARINE 303","title":"Freshwater and Estuarine Ecology","desc":"The structure, biodiversity and ecology of lakes, streams, wetlands and estuaries and linkages with near-shore marine habitats. Emphasis is placed on the role of science in monitoring and managing these ecosystems. Case studies include the impact of Auckland’s urban sprawl on stream, estuarine and near-shore marine habitats, and local estuaries as nurseries for fish."},{"code":"MARINE 303","title":"Freshwater and Estuarine Ecology","desc":"The structure, biodiversity and ecology of lakes, streams, wetlands and estuaries and linkages with near-shore marine habitats. Emphasis is placed on the role of science in monitoring and managing these ecosystems. Case studies include the impact of Auckland’s urban sprawl on stream, estuarine and near-shore marine habitats, and local estuaries as nurseries for fish."},{"code":"MARINE 305","title":"Special Topic","desc":""},{"code":"MARINE 399","title":"Capstone: Marine Science","desc":"A capstone course for those enrolled in the Marine Science major, in which students demonstrate mastery of concepts and skills learnt during their degree through the production and presentation of an independent project developed in conjunction with a mentor from the academic staff."},{"code":"MARINE 701","title":"Current Issues in Marine Science","desc":"Web based seminars will be run between the University of Auckland and Victoria University of Wellington. The topics and material will recognise the wide range of undergraduate experience across participants and emphasise the value of cross-disciplinary approaches to Marine Science."},{"code":"MARINE 701","title":"Current Issues in Marine Science","desc":"A seminar-based examination of selected current issues in Marine Science. Seminars will be jointly run using a web link between the universities of Auckland, Otago and Victoria. The topics and material will recognise the wide range of undergraduate experience across participants and emphasise the value of cross-disciplinary approaches to Marine Science."},{"code":"MARINE 702","title":"Field Techniques in Marine Science","desc":"An advanced course in the development of practical skills in research design, implementation and analysis in Marine Science. Students participate in two field units: a compulsory field unit at the University of Auckland and a choice of either the unit offered by the University of Otago or the unit offered by Victoria University of Wellington. Each course focuses on different themes in Marine Science."},{"code":"MARINE 702","title":"Field Techniques in Marine Science","desc":"An advanced course in the development of practical skills in research design, implementation and analysis in Marine Science. Students participate in two field units: a compulsory field unit at the University of Auckland and a choice of either the unit offered by the University of Otago or the unit offered by Victoria University of Wellington. Each course focuses on different themes in Marine Science."},{"code":"MARINE 703","title":"Marine Protected Areas","desc":"Current research related to marine protected areas is reviewed, including planning principles and processes for designing marine protected areas, and its role in science, conservation of biological diversity, and fisheries. Practical components include visits to marine reserves, exposure to planning software, and analysis of marine protected related data. The knowledge and skills gained are applied with an independent research project."},{"code":"MARINE 703","title":"Marine Protected Areas","desc":"Current research related to marine protected areas is reviewed, including planning principles and processes for designing marine protected areas, and its role in science, conservation of biological diversity, and fisheries. Practical components include visits to marine reserves, exposure to planning software, and analysis of marine protected related data. The knowledge and skills gained are applied with an independent research project."},{"code":"MARINE 705","title":"Ocean Management and Planning","desc":"Approaches to management and conservation of global oceans are changing rapidly to address increasingly complex social, economic and environmental issues. Reviews current ocean governance, policy, planning and management approaches, modern ocean management and planning tools using examples from recent international ocean conservation projects."},{"code":"MARINE 705","title":"Special Topic: Ocean Management and Planning","desc":"Approaches to management and conservation of global oceans are changing rapidly to address increasingly complex social, economic and environmental issues. Current ocean governance, policy, planning and management approaches will be reviewed, and modern ocean management and planning tools will be taught. The course uses examples from recent international ocean conservation projects."},{"code":"MARINE 302","title":"Dynamics of Marine Systems","desc":"Fundamental processes in the marine environment with an emphasis on interdisciplinary linkages in the functioning of marine ecosystems. Topics include: the role of fluid dynamics in the lives of marine animals and in shaping the physical marine environment, and interdisciplinary studies of marine ecosystems. No formal prerequisite although an understanding of marine science to the level of MARINE 202 will be assumed."},{"code":"MARINE 794B","title":"Thesis in Marine Studies","desc":""},{"code":"MARINE 795B","title":"Thesis in Marine Conservation","desc":""},{"code":"MARINE 796B","title":"MSc Thesis in Marine Science","desc":""}]}